all right this is the REI mountain 3
it's a three person four season tent
we'll just do a quick walk around kind
of show some of the features so you can
see that it's got four poles and it's
really easy to set up because the poles
are color coded to the grommets and
where they go so you have the the orange
poles here and they're actually all one
piece because they connected that hub so
you can't lose them or anything because
they're attacks which is awesome and
then you just put those up and then they
go down to the to the orange grommets
and stake out points here and then you
have the silver poles that run this way
and they go to the silver stake out
points and grommets there so you've got
a door here and it's all mesh and then a
nylon inner and now in there set up
right now so you can't see through the
tent and kind of keeps the warmth in if
you want or otherwise you sit that down
and you know ventilation you need and we
come over here there's also two vents on
the top this one shot the other ones
currently open but so you can zip those
closed or open or whatever you want and
then it's really easy to set up because
it has the clips so here's a single clip
and this is double click for where the
poles intersect and we're coming here
and I have the full door down and it
just stubs and stuffs into a little mesh
pocket over here so off to the side you
see there's another mesh pocket there
one over in that corner another one for
the door then another mesh pocket
another one over here then we also have
some internal loops you can kind of
latch together for interior guideline
system or if you want to have just
places to hang stuff and close and
that's up of thing you can see that that
one vent is open now and there's also a
removable giel off and so you can store
some more things in there as well so
I'll go ahead and throw on the fly now
and we'll take a look at that okay here
it is with the rain fly on we just do a
quick walk around again
and there's some vents up here and it's
got a pole just to keep it open so you
can get a nice cross flow and so you can
zip it up and open it like that you can
also open it from the inside as the
different poles have two sided poles and
then here's the vent open on the inside
so you can open that up and zip that up
from the inside and back up and there's
a couple guy out points here's a guy out
point right here
another one right here and the one over
there I wanted the bottom and fly on
this side I'm gonna swing around and
here's the back vestibule it's kind of a
smaller vestibule just take one stake to
hold it out and you can you can fit your
boots or just some small items in there
the bigger vestibule is on the other
side so we'll swing out over there
and it's pretty solid
good-looking tent and there's the
there's the other vent on the other side
with the cross pole and some guy out
points there and then here's the big
vestibule as you can see it's a it's a
pulp vestibule so you have a fit pole in
there that's orange color-coded just for
the best view all the other poles that
you have little bends in them are silver
and so you won't mix those up or
anything it's got a window here and the
one in the back also has a window but
you don't have to worry about privacy
because the nylon inner doors can be
zipped shut so no one can see you and
then we'll just go ahead and open up
this and kind of give you a peek at the
inside it's got this cool little little
hook on the end which just closes it up
even more
gives it a little more strength and then
velcro because if we run smoothly all
the zippers in the tent run smoothly and
you can tie it back with two little ties
but we'll just flip it open for now and
then if you look on the inside there's a
flap on either side and it just ties to
the to the base of the tent there and
what that does is that keeps the these
snow out of the vestibule it also kind
of gives you a floor which is nice so
you can keep things on there and then
won't have to worry about getting wet or
possibly muddy depending on the season
and the weather so that's that's a
pretty sweet little feature to have and
you can see there's good space between
the tent body in the tent fly all the
way around so you get that ventilation
flowing through and there's little
velcro
spots on the fly so you can velcro to
the poles keep it from shifting around
and here's your shot of the inside with
with the outside being kind of orange
and silver it makes you kind of cheery
in the tent so if you're stuck in here
for a while it's a good place to be but
we'll go ahead and back out and give you
one last look at everything and this
festival takes two stakes to stake out
so for the whole tent for the body you
need eight for the hoop vestibule you
need to and for the one in the back you
only need one so there you go that's the
REI Mountain 310